README.md, before:

# Usuful SQL Quiries, motivation
Documentation of ready-to-use SQL queries to analyze various data. These queries were originally built to answer some analytical questions regarding an invented **movies rental database**.
The database is alson included so you can use this repos to practice a simple SQL queries. 

## How to start
This repository is used to store SQL queries, each query in a separate file  according to its purpos.
The table below can be used to jump to the SQL code!

| Query purpose        | Link   |  
| ------------- |:-------------:| 
|  category classification  | [here](https://github.com/AtheerAS/SQL_queries_movies_rental_database/blob/Documentations/category_classification.sql) | 
| order counts on monthly bases |[here](https://github.com/AtheerAS/SQL_queries_movies_rental_database/blob/Documentations/order_monthly_count.sql)| 
| rental duration upon category |[here](https://github.com/AtheerAS/SQL_queries_movies_rental_database/blob/Documentations/rental_duration_category_classification.sql)| 
|  top 10 paying customers |[here](https://github.com/AtheerAS/SQL_queries_movies_rental_database/blob/Documentations/top_10_customers.sql)| 

## Credit
This repos were built to complete the requirements of @Udacity PDS nanodegre.

Commit message:

Edit: Add Movies rental database overview section

README.md, after:

# Usuful SQL Quiries, motivation
Documentation of ready-to-use SQL queries to analyze various data. These queries were originally built to answer some analytical questions regarding an invented **movies rental database**.
The database is alson included so you can use this repos to practice a simple SQL queries.

## How to start
This repository is used to store SQL queries, each query in a separate file  according to its purpos.
The table below can be used to jump to the SQL code!

| Query purpose        | Link   |  
| ------------- |:-------------:|
|  category classification  | [here](https://github.com/AtheerAS/SQL_queries_movies_rental_database/blob/Documentations/category_classification.sql) |
| order counts on monthly bases |[here](https://github.com/AtheerAS/SQL_queries_movies_rental_database/blob/Documentations/order_monthly_count.sql)|
| rental duration upon category |[here](https://github.com/AtheerAS/SQL_queries_movies_rental_database/blob/Documentations/rental_duration_category_classification.sql)|
|  top 10 paying customers |[here](https://github.com/AtheerAS/SQL_queries_movies_rental_database/blob/Documentations/top_10_customers.sql)|

## Movies rental Database overview
As mentioned, this database related to movie rental, **Sakila DVD Rental database**.
he Sakila Database holds information about a company that rents movie DVDs.

*(Note: One quirk you may notice as you explore this "fake" database is that the rental dates are all from 2005 and 2006, while the payment dates are all from 2007. Don't worry about this.)*

Now, one of the fundamental concept of SQL is **entity relationship diagram**, or **ERD** which will help you figuring the relations and typing your queries. Here is the ERD of Sakila DVD Rental database:
![alt text](https://video.udacity-data.com/topher/2018/September/5ba95d23_dvd-rental-erd-2/dvd-rental-erd-2.png)


## Credit
This repos were built to complete the requirements of @Udacity PDS nanodegre.
